sometimes you want her hot so
hot she'll blow your mind
I'm going down to the house sausage I
got the lava cue shoes on welcome to
barbecue pit boys calm today we're
cooking up some hell burgers on the
grill and they're easy to do all right
here we have about a pound and a third
chuck burgers seasoned salt pepper and
garlic oh yeah
what wanna do is sear both sides but you
know about that all right
these burgers have been seared both
sides about rare on the inside you want
to move them in direct opposite the hot
coals finish cook oh yeah
all right these burgers are just about
done now we're going to put on the fire
we got grilled onions pepper relish hot
sauce
cayenne Halla beans bacon mozarella and
cheddar cheese oh yeah
Oh baby
yes good
so the next time you're looking to cook
up a partner on your boss you check out
the hill bourbon barbecue good boy stuff